I mean what was the reason behind doing
the same time at probably name one okay
so there they are similar looking at
first glance of course and the reason is
we have a whole range of interior's
devices that we want to introduce them
as a range Nash and have a lot of
commonalities well then of course the
differentiating feature so I mean the
most common in the design is sort of the
got the black front all very smooth very
very sleek looking and then this band
which has all the details in it so for
example if I show you in the band so
here we have the memory card so large
dish which notice it has 16gb built-in
and it has the memory card slot which is
very unique so many of the portable
devices don't have expandability so you
can right away get into 24 and 36 to
fantastic writer so and then support you
got your clothes yeah like full top like
it brings you still an ad card and I
hope there's a like it I mean like 32
will certainly encourage theoretically
yes but of course say we don't have any
samples of those will be we don't type I
can't claim that just if that we have
theoretical set up to detect those
things which was developed first 10 96
for and 981 it sounded a bit girly with
the NAD one but we work a little bit
peer-to-peer so that we align things so
for example again on the design features
we have the lock switch then the
standard audio connector then here we
have this not a different landscape than
remote speakers so it's as you
physically move optimized for let's give
oh one thing I think yes this is the
video based device but even for the
video you have dual LED which would work
for the google also so video when you
record video with the do anything you
work yes the video so this is also this
is a video light as well so when you
video recording it will work as well so
that was the this device is more focused
towards video dan images on the way the
Xenon flash might happen it and actually
let me clarify with sav do what I mean
is more video consumption of course you
can also do video recording but the main
thing is it's an entertainment device so
as you're somehow you know on the road
or something like this humanity
entertain it's a great music device but
it's the new thing is video and TV so as
we watching videos it's more like 40
team and not so much the videos you can
call it yourself horrible dvb-h yeah
yeah it also is this good in the HS
working so let me show you right now
even for example Barcelona anywhere you
go even quicker you can receive Holy
nice TV so he's taking and I will see I
think it's about it well actually it's
funny because here we have so many
networks up and running so as many many
many stations but I think in the rest of
Barcelona I think I
we'll never your future version maybe
with dvb-h decked out for the other
regions which do not really supporting
it eh no that's our plan we basically we
see that dvb-h dvb-h is basically an
emerging thing that is spreading all
over so we have a lot of a couple of
countries in Asia we have a obviously
Europe as well that that are now
basically banking on the standard and we
think that it's a nice feature to have
people that you know it might come yeah
you're the oblation I'm asking me see
dvb-h becomes popular in one year's time
why would be want something to pay for
the service could say he or she is not
going to use but actually my bundle it
with the device in certain parts of
reading that clearly for the next couple
of years people happy and well actually
here just no it is not
Davis
so to answer your question I think I
mean for example you could argue some
people might say hey I don't like to use
wireless crime I don't I don't want to
use it right now so I don't want people
the extra person actually this is very
little so also in terms of things that
cost it's like having a teacher like why
I was not so even if you don't use it
interested right away it's still there
and it's there for you to use it you
know put it be from
is there an option for recording the
video broadcast at the aviation shop
with producer
good so there's a 30-second replay right
all right so as you as you touch
anything
there seems to be an illiquid center
from the store
and why only 30 seconds went out more
like a vid disagree DB on board actually
yeah so we will make an announcement
about the subject of it later choice
that's actually supported as well it's
just a bit more complicated because it's
up to the broadcaster to allow it or not
allowed and so if the bull pastor says
it's okay for you to report you can
report so I was a different from say
Tebow and states or other
it's not different but it's it's
basically the broadcaster's that have
deviation they need to have the right
sport so they need to tell us it's okay
huge can't make that decision different
licenses television yeah I'm know that
familiar with the details but basically
it's after the road after the design is
it okay or and what about release for
like day WS for the units
right now we find this as a global
product in well standard would be closed
down fo x box of white Mancini may
twenty one hundred and nine hundred
which is another European back and at
what time gsm and if Portugal work in
the US view we has a dsm I wanted by
patchy but at this point we don't have
our US version hope you realize i think
everybody want to ask is vital
it has nothing that it has 903 109 not
950 if that I saw somewhere on the net
there were things about a 50 so what
battery does this happen also you don't
know the battery here sir yes 950
million ya allah 195 didn't really work
out that well I ate the same application
so it's mostly basically you could look
at the battery life think two ways you
should say make a bigger battery but
then it's a very bulky I know but I so
tell you more than I've three has the
bigger battery and